Feature/two letter iso codes (#825)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Include-Server-Commands.md

- `-d` or `--discononquit` Disconnect all Clients on quit. Normally, when a Server is stopped or restarted, any Clients that have not used their "Disconnect" buttons will re-establish connection when the Server comes back up again. Using this option forces Clients to manually re-establish their connections to the Server.
- `-e` or `--directoryserver` Register the Server on a Directory (e.g. to set its genre (see also `-o`)). See [Server Types](#server-types) for further information.
- `--directoryfile` Remember registered Servers even if the Directory is restarted. Directory Servers only. See [this guide](Directories) for further information.
- `-f` or `--listfilter` Whitelist Servers registering on the Server list, format `ip address 1[;ip address 2]` Directories only.
- `-F` or `--fastupdate` Reduces latency if Clients connect with "Enable Small Network Buffers" option. Requires faster CPU to avoid dropouts, and more bandwidth to enabled Clients.
- `-l` or `--log` Enable logging, set path and file name
- `-L` or `--licence` Show an agreement window before users can connect
- `-m` or `--htmlstatus` Enable HTML status file, set path and file name

> - `-o` or `--serverinfo` Location details in the format: `[name];[city];[country as two-letter ISO country code or Qt5 Locale]` (see [two-letter ISO country codes](http://statoids.com/wab.html) ("A-2" column) or [Qt5 Locale values](https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qlocale.html#Country-enum)) Registered Servers only

Reviewer: Thanks!

Could we also use Wikipedia as a more neutral and maybe persistent source here?

```suggestion
- `-o` or `--serverinfo` Location details in the format: `[name];[city];[country as two-letter ISO country code or Qt5 Locale]` (see [two-letter ISO country codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2#Current_codes) or [Qt5 Locale values](https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qlocale.html#Country-enum)) Registered Servers only
```

Author: You mean https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2#Officially_assigned_code_elements ?  Yes, that'd be better.

For some reason, I couldn't find the Wikipedia page.  (I think Google didn't offer it to my search - "ISO_3166-1" was probably too vague a match :) ).

Reviewer: > You mean https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2#Officially_assigned_code_elements ? Yes, that'd be better.

Yeah, that section is better than my suggestion. :)
